[FWI-5698] Add documentation for right-sizer rebrand (#421)
FairwindsOps/insights-docs: docs/technical-details/reports/right-sizer.md

# Right-sizer

As of Insights Agent version `4.0`, Right-sizer now refers to multiple capabilities:

* A controller that manages VPA objects for automated right-sizing, and

> * A controller that detects and modifies contains that have been OOM-killed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A controller that detects, and optionally fixes, containers that have been OOM-killed
```

These are currently separate binaries and container images:

https://quay.io/repository/fairwinds/insights-right-sizer: refers to the VPA controller

https://quay.io/repository/fairwinds/right-sizer: refers to OOM-kill detection and resolution

The intention is to consolidate both of these in a future release once more testing has been done.

## Breaking Changes

 Version 4.0
> The 4.0 release of insights-agent contains breaking changes to `right-sizer`. This component has been rebranded to refer to Insights automated right sizing. The `right-sizer` prior to this release will be referred to as `oom-detection` going forward. These will be further consolidated in a future release to avoid confusion.

## Automated Workload Right-sizing

## Setup and Configuration

> Right-sizer includes a custom `recommender` VPA component, we've modified the recommender to retrieve recommendations from Insights. When `right-sizer` is enabled, we will install the [Fairwinds VPA](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/fairwinds-stable/vpa) helm chart with this custom image for you.

Reviewer: There are a bunch of implementation details here that I think we can hide from the user, or push down into a n "Implementation Details" section

I'd start this with a sample `values.yaml` that can be passed to the helm chart (i.e. instead of the ConfigMap below)

# Right-sizer

To enable right-sizer, you'll need the following in your Insights Agent `values.yaml` at minimum:

```yaml
right-sizer:
  enabled: true
```

As of Insights Agent version `4.0`, Right-sizer now refers to multiple capabilities:

* A controller that manages VPA objects for automated right-sizing, and
* A controller that detects, and optionally fixes, containers that have been OOM-killed

## Breaking Changes

 Version 4.0

> > The 4.0 release of insights-agent contains breaking changes to `right-sizer`. This component has been rebranded to refer to Insights automated right sizing. The `right-sizer` prior to this release will be referred to as `oom-detection` going forward. These will be further consolidated in a future release to avoid confusion.

Reviewer: Let's move this down to the bottom too--it's not a very hard breaking change.

## Automated Workload Right-sizing

By default, for every controller, the right-sizer will create a VPA object with `updateMode` `Off`, which will display recommendations, but not apply them. To automatically apply right-sizing recommendations, you'll need to set 

```yaml
right-sizer:
  enabled: true
  config:
    default:
      vpa:
        updatePolicy: "Auto"
```

This can also be configured individually by namespace, see setup below.

## Setup and Configuration

The Right-sizer configuration can be added to your Helm `values.yaml`

```yaml
right-sizer:
  enabled: true
  config:

>     # when the controller is running with `--on-by-default`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
